# Aragas.SaveSystemFix120
This is a modified version of Aragas's Mount & Blade: Bannerlord mod that tries to fix save loading issues for saves that include custom data left over from removed mods. This version fixes several issues that prevented the original version from working with the beta version e1.2.0 of the game.

As of the 1.2.0.1 version of the mod, it will now work on the e1.1.2 version of the game, and likely earlier versions, as well, since I was able to have it try using the newer method names first, and the the older ones if that fails. Although the original version of the mod from Aragas still works on e1.1.2, in my tests I was able to open some save files with this versionn that the original version would not open, likely due to the extra checks for null and invalid objects. It will also hopefully continue to work with subsequent versions of the game, unless they change more of the method names, but in that case I'll try to create a new version of the mod that will still work.

This version of the mod shows up as "e1.2.0 Save Missing Module Fix" in the Bannerlord launcher, and is stored in a module folder named "Aragas.SaveMissingModuleFix120" to differentiate it from the original mod in case someone has both installed. Only one version of the mod should be active, so it would be best to remove the module folder for the old version. However, if both versions are installed, it is important that only this one be selected in the Bannerlord launcher, otherwise it may run the wrong one or more likely just crash.

I also included several fixes that were in Aragas's 1.0.1 version of the mod on Nexus Mods, but were not yet submitted to the version on Github, which was still at version 1.0.0.  I determined the fixes that were in the 1.0.1 version by comparing decompiliations of both the 1.0.0 and 1.0.1 binaries.
